570 transfer logic documentation (#571)
openmsupply/open-msupply: server/service/src/processors/README.md

# Processors

> 

Reviewer: Thats like a pub sub? one sender multiple subscribers? Think one more intro sentence what processors are and example of how they are used would be good.

Author: Thanks: 5df2a2f517dbe511db23ba48b78ad99865d86573
Also: f91c7e1f53b76d819b19f25d5a10a28915a58c9c

It is desirable to perform some operations consecutively as they may cause undesirable and unexpected side effects. These operations should be `triggerable` in services, wherever `ServiceContext` and `ServiceProvider` are available and should be `triggerable` on individual basis.

We can achieve this creating channels and spawning a task that listens to those channels. The senders for the channel can be put into Atomic Reference Counter (Arc) and passed along as a context to a service.

## Implementation

> Channels are started via `Processors::init()`, and service provider takes the `Sender` part of the `Processors::init()` result tuple (`Sender` is already `Arc`ed). `Processors::spawn()` will start a task and return the `handle`. The task will wait on a message sent to trigger a particular processor and will invoke that processor.

Reviewer 2: :nit
```suggestion
Channels are started via `Processors::init()`, and service provider takes the `Sender` part of the `Processors::init()` result tuple (`Sender` is already `Arc'ed`). `Processors::spawn()` will start a task and return the `handle`. The task will wait on a message sent to trigger a particular processor and will invoke that processor.
```

Author: Since the data type is `Arc` i wanted to keep the emphasis on the `Arc`

The `handle` will need to be awaited in order for `processor` to work, in test this can be done with:

```rust
let test = || async move {
    // the test
};

tokio::select! {
    Err(err) = handle => unreachable!("{}", err),
    _ = test() => (),
};
```

## Extras

* Processor errors are currently logged and do not result in task throwing an error
* The only time processor handle will fail with an error is when a channel is closed (all of the receivers have been dropped), or on [JoinError](https://durch.github.io/rust-goauth/tokio/task/struct.JoinError.html)
* When triggering a processor, please keep in mind that you are only asking a processor to start (currently cannot await for processor to finish)

## TODO

> * Current triggers do not await for the message to be sent, and do not await for the operation to be completed, this is potentialy desirable for processors after sychronisation and can be implemented with a more sophisticated messaging system. 

Reviewer: Sorry for jumping ahead, do we need to consider server crashes? e.g. events in the channel get lost during a restart?

Edit: ok so the service just uses a trigger to let the processor start working the changelog? And when there is a crash the processor can continue where it stopped? sounds good :)
Think this file is more about `triggers`? rename?

Author: > Think this file is more about triggers? rename?

Hmm, actual processor operations are defined in this folder, check out branch that's mentioned in the pr comment.

# Processors

Processors take actions based on events in the system. For example, when a requisition is received from a remote store via sync, a processor might automatically create a requision_response record based on this event. Usually they will rely on events generated by the changelog database table.

Diagram below describes a single processor. The concept of single processor is extended with processors driver by grouping multiple processors in on thread/task.

From [TMF internal google doc](https://app.diagrams.net/#G1KHIEK-PinYwflsAH4WP9fNvKL8U2POzX):

![omSupply transfer workflow](./doc/omSupply_processor.png)

## Motivation

> It is desirable to perform some operations syncrhonously as they may cause undesirable and unexpected side effects when run concurrently. These operations should be `triggerable` in services, wherever `ServiceContext` and `ServiceProvider` are available and should be `triggerable` on individual basis.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is desirable to perform some operations synchronously as they may cause undesirable and unexpected side effects when run concurrently. These operations should be `triggerable` in services, wherever `ServiceContext` and `ServiceProvider` are available and should be `triggerable` on individual basis.
```
